# Master's Thesis Outline

Things to conside: is 10kHz adequate for the controller generated by STM32Mat/Target (10x rule of thumb for the controller sample frequency to be higher than the crossover frequency of the plant model).

## Abstract

## I. Introduction
  1. A statement of the purpose of the thesis. Abstract of MBD and it's benefits for students as well as the application in industries utilizing such development technique.
  2. Definition of terms (MIL, PIL, HIL, PID, etc.).
  3. Description of other chapters.
 
## II. Hardware
  1. Motor plant including the amplifier and reference schematic
  2. MBD setup which is slightly different from the original device with FTDI converter

## III. Code Generation using MBD (Software)
  1. Software requirements (Simulink, STM32 Mat/Target)
  2. Overview of other options and limitations for each
  3. Basic Simulink model configuration for running the motorlab
  4. Methods of MIL, SIL, PIL, and HIL

## III. Modeling of plant
  1. Details of the plant (motorlab) model development
  2. Position control
  3. Velocity control
    3.1 Speed filter

## IV. Verification of HIL (Results)
  1. Initial verification using STM32 Mat/Target -> Position response compared to the origianl lab device
  2. Using external mode to tune or change any parameters

## V. Adaptations for possible Arduino or Eeva targets
  1. limitations compared to RTOS running on the original motorlab appartus
  2. Arduino robot car from ME570 for prof. Spaulding
  3. Consult Dr. Brockhoff on his opinion with MBD approach for students

## VI. Conclusions

## References

## Appendix
